As we enter Kyrgyzstan, one of the seven countries on the Eurasian continent with Stan at the
end of its name, you'll find many hospitable and open-hearted local residents.
Many people raise livestock, and so they will understand the words of David that are
recorded in the 23rd psalm.
The truth about the caring shepherd, Jehovah, reached this region in the 1950s.
More than 20 years ago, Jehovah's Witnesses gave literature in the Russian language to
one Kyrgyz woman.
Her small daughter, who stood nearby, said, Mommy, please teach me Russian, since God
talks to people in Russian.
Today Bible-based publications are also translated into the Kyrgyz language, and the great
shepherd, Jehovah, leads many to grassy pastures.
Jehovah uses the branch office in Bishkek, the capital of Kyrgyzstan, to refresh his people
throughout the whole country and lead them in the path of righteousness.
Fellow believers arrived from different countries to help the local brothers with the reconstruction
of the branch.
All worked hand in hand to accomplish a tremendous amount of work.
The brothers and sisters, who wholeheartedly supported the project, was strengthened and
encouraged very much.
We were apprehensive of coming at first, but we have enjoyed ourselves thoroughly on construction.
I thought that this is such a great privilege for us to give all of your strength, everything
to Jehovah, and to feel that you didn't waste your youth, and this is so important.
I was touched by the fact that brothers that came from different countries, and were
of different nationalities, worked together in unity.
It's yet another proof that this is Jehovah's organization.
This project really strengthens my faith.
Jehovah always gives us more than we could ever need or ever want.
For me, those days were the best time in my life.
I would never trade those days for anything.
The participation in the reconstruction was a real gift from Jehovah, and Jehovah really
knows how to give good gifts.
I am grateful to him for this.
While construction work was coming to its conclusion, preparation for the branch dedication began.
It was to take place on October 24, 2015.
Brothers built the Yurt on the branch property several days before the dedication program.
Finally, the long-awaited day arrived.
The many guests that came from faraway countries were invited into the Yurt and could try the
local cuisine.
In one of the talks at the program, the speaker compared the branch office to a Yurt.
Shepherds caring for their flocks in the mountains leaving Yurt nearby.
They are able to hear the sound of their flock from inside the Yurt.
If something happens, the shepherd can immediately step in to help the sheep.
Similarly, the branch office listens to the sheep in the field and renders needed assistance.
Therefore, the publishers fear no harm.
The Stephen lead, a member of the governing body, came for the special dedication program.
This program and another special meeting held the following day were streamed to meeting
places throughout the whole country, with a total attendance of over 6,000.
Many listeners were touched, and their eyes were filled with tears of joy.
Now there are more than 5,000 active witnesses in Kyrgyzstan, a country with a population
of over 6,000,000.
They continue to search for honest-hearted people that are thirsty for the truth.
Yes, our great shepherd, Jehovah, prepares a reach table and fills the cup until it is
well-filled.
The Prophet David saying, surely goodness and loyal love will pursue me all the days of
my life, and I will dwell in the house of Jehovah for all my days.
Jehovah servants in Kyrgyzstan want to serve Jehovah, together with their brothers and sisters
Earthwide, now and forever.